♪ [THEME]
>> Erica Johnson:
THIS WEEK ON MARKETPLACE...
>> IT JUST WENT COMPLETELY DEAD.
>> YOU BUY A CAR
BUT LAND A LEMON.
>> THERE'S A MAJOR GLITCH
HAPPENING IN THIS VEHICLE.
>> Erica: WE INVESTIGATE WHY
CAR MAKERS WON'T HELP.
>> SOMETHING NEEDS TO BE DONE.
>> Erica: WITH A PROBLEM ANY OF
US COULD HAVE.
WE LOOK INTO A FIX FOR A
BROKEN SYSTEM.
>> YOU COULD BE A LEADER AND
BRING IN A LEMON LAW.
>> AND LATER ON MARKETPLACE...
BUSTED!
>> THEIR MARKETING HAS
CERTAINLY GOT TO THE POINT
WHERE I THINK THEY'RE
GETTING GREEDY.
♪ [THEME]
>> OKAY, IT'S ROLLING.
>> Erica: WE'RE TAKING THIS
FAULTY CAR FOR A RISKY
TEST DRIVE.
>> ARE YOU READY?
>> I'M READY.
>> Erica: TO FIND OUT
WHAT'S WRONG.
>> OKAY. WE'RE GOOD.
>> Erica: FROM THE BACK SEAT
OUR CAMERAMAN RECORDS
EVERY MOVE.
(TRUCK HONKS)
>> Erica: WE'RE ON THE ROAD
IN QUESNEL, BRITISH COLUMBIA.
IT'S HOME TO CRYSTAL WALLS
AND HER FAMILY, WHO GET IN
TOUCH WITH US AFTER BUYING A
NEW CAR.
THEIR DREAM CAR.
OR SO THEY THOUGHT.
>> LET'S GO.
>> Erica: JUST ONE MONTH
AFTER SHELLING OUT $26,000
FOR A DODGE JOURNEY,
WELL, YOU WON'T BELIEVE WHAT
HAPPENS TO CRYSTAL AND HER SON.
>> WE WERE ON A HIGHWAY,
DOING HIGHWAY SPEEDS.
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN THE CAR
JUST STALLS.
AND IT JUST WENT COMPLETELY
DEAD.
I KIND OF HIT THE GRAVEL
SHOULDER, AND I HAVE TO
MANUALLY STEER IT TO GET IT
OFF TO THE SIDE OF THE ROAD.
OH, MY GOD, IS WHAT I THOUGHT.
BECAUSE I HAD A SEMI BEHIND ME.
THAT WAS MOST DEFINITELY THE
SCARIEST DAY OF MY LIFE.
>> Erica: LIKE ALL NEW CARS,
CRYSTAL'S WAS COVERED UNDER
WARRANTY.
AFTER BRINGING IT IN, SHE
THOUGHT THE PROBLEM WAS FIXED.
BOY, WAS SHE WRONG!
>> THIS CAR HAS PROBABLY
STALLED AT LEAST...
CLOSE TO 25 TIMES.
AND IT'S, LIKE, A YEAR OLD.
>> Erica: 25 TIMES?
IT'S JUST STALLED OUT ON
YOU, WHILE YOU'RE DRIVING?
>> YEAH.
WHILE YOU'RE DRIVING.
>> Erica: IT'S A GAMBLE,
BUYING A NEW CAR.
BECAUSE THERE'S A CHANCE
YOU'LL GET STUCK WITH A
WORTHLESS LEMON.
>> THIS VEHICLE HAS BEEN
NOTHING BUT A DISAPPOINTMENT
FOR ME.
>> Erica: JUST CHECK OUT
THESE HOME VIDEOS SOME OF
YOU SENT TO MARKETPLACE.
>> IT LOOKS LIKE A PRETTY
GOOD VEHICLE BUT DON'T LET
IT FOOL YOU.
>> VERY, VERY SERIOUS, IT WILL
NOT LATCH.
>> FOURTH TRANSMISSION IN
FOUR YEARS.
>> THIS ENGINE LIGHT ON, AND
MAKING HIGH NOISE PITCHES
EVERY TIME THAT YOU DRIVE.
>> Erica: HOW OFTEN DO YOU
WALK DOWN THE STREET, SEE A
CAR AND SAY, OH, THAT ONE
WAS A NIGHTMARE?
>> ALL THE TIME.
>> Erica: WE CATCH UP WITH
PHIL EDMONSTON IN VANCOUVER.
HE KNOWS SO MUCH ABOUT
LEMONS, HE COULD WRITE A
BOOK ABOUT THEM.
IN FACT, HE HAS, DOZENS OF
BOOKS OVER 40 YEARS.
>> I SEE SMALL PROBLEMS.
I SEE BIG PROBLEMS.
>> Erica: NO WONDER HE'S THE
KING OF LEMONS.
I WANT TO PLAY YOU A BIT OF
CRYSTAL'S STORY AND WHAT
HAPPENS WHEN HER CAR STALLS.
>> IT JUST WENT COMPLETELY
DEAD.
>> Erica: SO, WHAT'S PHIL'S
VERDICT?
>> I THINK THAT THIS VEHICLE
IS A LEMON MAINLY BECAUSE
IT'S UNRELIABLE.
BUT ALSO BECAUSE IT'S
DANGEROUS.
YOU BUY A CAR GENERALLY TO
HAVE A MORE TRANQUIL SPIRIT,
NOT TO BE TERRIFIED.
>> Erica: NO ONE KNOWS FOR
SURE HOW MANY LEMONS ARE OUT
THERE BUT PHIL'S BEST
GUESSTIMATE?
>> I'D SAY ONE IN TEN CARS
IS SO BAD THAT YOU SHOULD
HAVE IT REPLACED.
>> Erica: 10% OF CARS COULD
BE LEMONS?
>> SURE.
>> Erica: THAT'S A LOT!
>> THE MORE HIGH TECH CARS
BECOME, THE MORE LEMONS
YOU SEE BECAUSE THERE'S SO
MUCH MORE TO GO WRONG.
>> Erica: YEP, A LOT OF US
COULD GET STUCK, JUST LIKE
CRYSTAL.
[ ♪♪ ]
BACK IN QUESNEL, SHE KEEPS
BRINGING IN HER CAR FOR
REPAIRS BUT IT JUST KEEPS
STALLING.
TOO SCARY TO DRIVE.
HOW OFTEN IS IT JUST OUT
THERE, NOT GOING ANYWHERE?
>> PROBABLY SIX OUT OF SEVEN
DAYS A WEEK.
>> Erica: YOU DON'T DRIVE IT?
IT'S PARKED?
>> IT'S PARKED IN THE DRIVEWAY.
[ ♪♪ ]
>> Erica: TIME FOR OUR OWN
EXPERT TO STEP IN.
FARID KANJI IS A MECHANIC
WITH MORE THAN 30 YEARS'
EXPERIENCE.
HE'S SEEN IT ALL.
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR IN
HERE?
>> WE JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE
THAT ALL THE CONNECTORS ARE
GOOD ON IT.
OKAY, NOTHING LOOSE.
SOMETIMES THESE CLIPS COME
LOSE AND IT CAN CAUSE A
STALLING PROBLEM, AND ALL THAT.
>> Erica: NEXT, FARID HOOKS
UP THE CAR'S COMPUTER TO HIS
OWN, LOOKING FOR CLUES.
>> IF THERE'S ANYTHING
THAT'S NOT GOOD, IT WILL
SHOW UP OUT HERE AND TELL
ME, HEY, THERE'S A FAULT CODE.
NOTHING SO FAR.
>> Erica: THEN FARID CHECKS
OUT THE CAR'S SERVICE
RECORDS FROM THE DEALERSHIP.
IS THERE ANYTHING ABOUT THEM
THAT STANDS OUT FOR YOU?
HE DECIPHERS THEIR CODES.
>> THIS IS THE FIRST ONE I
LOOKED AT OUT HERE WHERE
THEY SPENT .3 ON THIS VEHICLE.
>> Erica: HOW LONG IS THAT?
>> THAT'S 18 MINUTES.
>> Erica: 18 MINUTES?
AFTER THIS VEHICLE STALLS,
THAT'S IT?
>> YES, THAT'S ALL THEY SPENT.
>> Erica: THAT'S RIGHT, THE
DEALERSHIP SPENT JUST 18
MINUTES TRYING TO FIX SUCH A
SERIOUS PROBLEM.
IS THAT LONG ENOUGH, DO YOU
THINK?
>> NO, IT'S NOT LONG ENOUGH
TO CHECK A STALLING PROBLEM.
[ ♪♪ ]
>> Erica: AND DO YOU THINK
CHRYSLER CANADA'S HELPING?
THEY MAKE THE DODGE JOURNEY.
>> THEY TELL ME THAT IT'S
THE DEALERSHIP'S PROBLEM.
IT'S NOT THEIR PROBLEM.
>> Erica: WHAT'S THE DEALERSHIP
SAY?
>> I CALL THE DEALERSHIP AND
THE DEALERSHIP SAYS 100%
THAT IT'S CHRYSLER CANADA'S
PROBLEM.
>> Erica: HOW DOES THAT SIT
WITH YOU?
>> IT JUST MAKES YOU SICK TO
YOUR STOMACH.
(PHONE RINGING)
>> THANK YOU FOR CALLING
REGENCY CHRYSLER.
HOW MAY I DIRECT YOUR CALL?
>> Erica: WE CALL UP
CRYSTAL'S LOCAL DEALERSHIP.
THEY'VE LOOKED AT THE CAR
OVER AND OVER.
WE'RE IN TOWN AND WE'RE
WONDERING IF WE COULD COME
BY AND JUST TALK TO YOU ABOUT
WHAT YOU THINK IS GOING ON
WITH HER CAR.
>> RIGHT, OKAY.
>> Erica: THAT'S GREAT.
HE'S GOING TO TALK WITH US.
BUT WHEN WE SHOW UP.
HI, I'M ERICA.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
>> HI, JUST GIVE ME ONE SECOND,
OKAY? I'LL BE RIGHT OUT.
>> COME ON IN.
>> Erica: THEY'LL ONLY TALK
TO US BEHIND CLOSED DOORS IN
THE MANAGER'S OFFICE, AND
LISTEN TO WHO SHE BLAMES...
THE CUSTOMER.
>> I DON'T THINK SHE'S DONE
ENOUGH WITH US TO PROBLEM
SOLVE THIS.
>> Erica: REALLY?
>> YUP.
>> Erica: HOW MANY TIMES DO YOU
THINK YOU SHOULD LOOK AT IT.
>> Erica: PHIL EDMONSTON SAYS
CRYSTAL'S CASE IS CLASSIC.
>> CRYSTAL HAS HAD HER CAR
WORKED ON TIME AND TIME
AGAIN, SO THE DEALERSHIP
SAYS THEY'RE TRYING.
>> WELL, THEY'RE NOT TRYING.
BECAUSE IF THEY WERE NOT
FIXING THE CAR THE FIRST
TIME, THE SECOND AND THIRD
TIME THE SAME RESULT, IT'S
TIME TO GET THE MANUFACTURER
CHRYSLER, INTO THE PICTURE.
>> Erica: WE ASKED CHRYSLER
FOR AN INTERVIEW BUT THEY
WON'T TALK.
JUST GIVE US A TICKET.
WELL, A STATEMENT, SAYING
"THE VEHICLE EXCEEDS ALL
APPLICABLE SAFETY STANDARDS."
HMMM, HOW SAFE WOULD YOU
FEEL DRIVING CRYSTAL'S CAR?
(HORN BLOWS)
>> Erica: WE'RE ABOUT
TO FIND OUT.
REMEMBER OUR ROAD TEST?
THE CAR COULD STALL AT ANY
MOMENT.
SO WE DRIVE WITH CAUTION.
IT'S KIND OF NERVE WRACKING
DRIVING THIS CAR.
>> IT IS, BECAUSE YOU NEVER
KNOW WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN
NEXT, RIGHT?
>> Erica: WE PUSH THE CAR TO
THE LIMIT.
GEAR UP.
AND DOWN.
>> Erica: HERE WE GO DOWN
THIS STEEP HILL.
>> IT'S AN ACCIDENT WAITING
TO HAPPEN, WITH A VEHICLE THAT'S
GOT A STALLING ISSUE.
WHY DON'T YOU TRY PULLING
OVER IN HERE, ERICA?
WE TRY EVERYTHING.
>> Erica: SHOULD I START
IT AGAIN?
RESTART.
OFF WE GO.
REVERSE.
EVEN REFUELLING.
SO FAR, NO STALLING.
IMAGINE IF THIS STALLED OUT
ON THIS BRIDGE.
>> THERE'S NO WAY OF GOING
ANYWHERE ON THIS SIDE.
IT'S A BAD SITUATION.
>> Erica: A BAD SITUATION THAT
NEEDS A FIX.
COMING UP, WHAT OUR TEST
REVEALS.
>> I DON'T HAVE IF I HAVE
GOOD NEWS OR BAD NEWS FOR
YOU GUYS.
>> Erica: AND WE GO LOOKING
FOR ANSWERS.
YOU COULD BE A LEADER AND
BRING A LAW INTO BC, BE THE
FIRST IN CANADA.
WHY NOT DO THAT?
[ ♪♪ ]
>> Erica: WE TAKE A ROAD TRIP
TO WHERE THE CAR IS KING.
L.A.
AND WHERE EVERYONE'S
PROTECTED IF THEIR CAR TURNS
OUT TO BE A LEMON.
>> HI.
>> Erica: I'M ERICA.
>> PLEASURE, NICE TO MEET YOU.
>> Erica: IS THIS A NEW CAR?
>> YES, IT IS.
>> Erica: CHRISTOPHER LEYVA
USED TO DRIVE A DIFFERENT CAR.
AND YOU WERE HAPPY WITH IT
FOR A WHILE?
>> I LOVED IT.
YEAH, WHEN I FIRST GOT IT,
I WAS THRILLED.
IT WAS MY DREAM CAR.
>> Erica: BUT THEN A NEAR
ACCIDENT THAT SOUNDS KIND OF
FAMILIAR.
>> THE WORST, THE SCARY THING
THAT HAPPENED ACTUALLY,
I WAS ON THE FREEWAY AND
THE CAR JUST STOPPED ON ME.
>> Erica: WHILE YOU WERE ON
THE FREEWAY?
>> I WAS GOING 65 MILES AN
HOUR AND THE CAR STARTED
MAKING THESE NOISES AND THEN
IT JUST COMPLETELY STOPPED.
AND LUCKILY I, YOU KNOW,
I WAS NEAR THE RAMP,
THE EXIT RAMP.
I PULLED OVER, AND THAT
REALLY FREAKED ME OUT.
>> Erica: REPAIRS DON'T WORK.
MONTHS ROLL BY, AND NO FIX.
SO CHRISTOPHER HIRES A
LAWYER AND, THANKS TO
CALIFORNIA'S LEMON LAW, GETS
A FULL REFUND IN,
YOU WON'T BELIEVE THIS CANADA,
JUST THREE WEEKS!
>> IT WAS GREAT!
YOU KNOW?
AND I GOT ALL MY MONEY BACK.
I GOT MY CAR PAYMENTS, MY
DEPOSIT, PLUS INTEREST.
>> Erica: AND LISTEN TO THE
LOW-DOWN ON LEGAL FEES:
>> WIN OR LOSE, I DON'T PAY
ANYTHING.
>> Erica: YOU PAY NOTHING?
>> ZERO.
>> Erica: YEP, CAR OWNERS
WIN 'CAUSE THE LEMON LAW
SQUEEZES CAR MAKERS INTO
PAYING ALL LEGAL FEES IN A
SETTLEMENT.
WE WANT TO MEET THE MAN WHO
HELPED CHRISTOPHER HIT THE
JACKPOT.
LAWYER NORMAN TAYLOR'S
HELPED THOUSANDS OF LEMON
OWNERS SINCE THE LEMON LAW
GOT ON THE BOOKS 25 YEARS
AGO.
HOW DOES THE LEMON LAW WORK
FOR CAR OWNERS?
>> ONCE THEY HAVE GIVEN THE
MANUFACTURER A REASONABLE
OPPORTUNITY TO REPAIR, THEIR
RIGHTS KICK IN AND THEY'RE
ENTITLED TO A REFUND OR A
REPLACEMENT.
>> Erica: SOUNDS SO SIMPLE.
WE GET HIS TAKE ON CRYSTAL
WALL'S CASE.
STUCK IN QUESNEL BC WITH A
DODGE JOURNEY THAT KEEPS
STALLING OUT.
IS SHE ENTITLED TO A NEW
CAR, DO YOU THINK?
>> TO ME, THIS IS THE DREAM
CASE.
IN CALIFORNIA I WOULD TAKE
THIS CASE IN A HEARTBEAT.
AND I CAN ALMOST ASSURE YOU
CHRYSLER WOULD STEP UP AND
SETTLE THIS CASE VERY QUICKLY.
>> Erica: WE TELL HIM THERE'S
NOT A SINGLE LEMON LAW IN
ANY PART OF CANADA.
>> WHEN YOU DON'T HAVE A LAW
IN PLACE THAT MAKES THE
WARRANTOR, WHICH IS THE
MANUFACTURER, RESPONSIBLE
FOR THESE SITUATIONS, THAT'S
WHEN THE CONSUMER CAN GET
CAUGHT IN THE MIDDLE, JUST
LIKE CRYSTAL.
>> Erica: FROM L.A. TO THE
COUNTRYSIDE OF QUESNEL.
WHAT'S IT SHOWING YOU?
WHERE MECHANIC FARID KANJI
WRAPS UP A FOUR HOUR TEST
DRIVE ON CRYSTAL'S CAR.
THE ROAD TEST WAS A TOUGH GO.
RAISED MORE QUESTIONS THAN
ANSWERS.
>> THESE INTERMITTENT
PROBLEMS ARE ONE OF THE MOST
DIFFICULT PROBLEMS TO SOLVE,
OKAY?
AND THAT'S THE BIG ISSUE,
THAT THERE IS NO PATTERN TO
THIS.
THE COMPUTER DOESN'T SEEM TO
BE STORING ANY CODES OR
WHATEVER.
>> Erica: THE COMPUTER
DOESN'T STORE CODES?
NO WONDER THE CAR'S STALLING
IS SUCH A PUZZLE AND WHY
FARID SAYS WITH THIS LEMON
THERE'S ONLY ONE SOLUTION...
>> YOU SHOULD DEMAND TO GET
A REFUND ON THE VEHICLE OR
AN EXCHANGE ON THE VEHICLE.
>> IT'S REALLY TOUGH.
WHEN YOU GET SOMETHING LIKE
THIS, AND THEY CAN'T FIX IT
AND THEY CAN'T DO ANYTHING
FOR YOU.
IT'S NOT THEIR PROBLEM, THEY
TELL YOU.
WELL, WHOSE PROBLEM IS IT?
>> Erica: THEY'RE STUCK.
AND CRYSTAL'S PARTNER IAN
ALLARIE SAYS CAR MAKERS ARE
TAKING OTHER CANADIANS FOR A
RIDE TOO.
>> THE ONE THING THAT WE
FIND REALLY TROUBLING ABOUT
THIS WHOLE SITUATION IS IN
CANADA THERE'S NO LAW THAT
MAKES THEM ACCOUNTABLE.
>> Erica: AND THAT'S WHY CAR
EXPERT PHIL EDMONSTON SAYS
IT'S HIGH TIME FOR LEMON LAWS
IN CANADA TO SPELL THINGS OUT.
>> A LEMON LAW DEFINES WHAT
IS A LEMON.
IT TAKES MORE THAN THREE TIMES
TO REPAIR, IT'S A LEMON.
>> Erica: OR YOUR CAR SPENDS
MORE THAN 30 DAYS IN THE
SHOP AND STILL NEEDS A FIX?
IT'S A LEMON.
>> WHAT IT REALLY DOES TOO IS
IT DEFINES THE OBLIGATIONS OF
THE CAR MANUFACTURERS,
AND IT ALSO TELLS YOU WHAT ARE
YOUR RIGHTS.
>> Erica: YEP, A LEMON LAW
WOULD SPELL OUT WHEN YOU'RE
ENTITLED TO A REFUND.
OR A REPLACEMENT.
>> THE LEMON LAW IS A BIG
STICK.
WHETHER YOU WIELD IT OR NOT,
ALL THE PLAYERS IN THE CAR
INDUSTRY KNOW IT'S THERE.
AND NO ONE WANTS TO GET
WHACKED BY THIS BIG STICK.
>> Erica: WE CALL THE BC
GOVERNMENT TO FIND OUT WHY
CRYSTAL'S PROVINCE DOESN'T
ROLL OUT A LEMON LAW.
WE'RE HOPING SOMEONE CAN
CALL US BACK SO WE CAN
ARRANGE AN INTERVIEW.
MEANTIME, IF YOU'RE STUCK IN
PARK WITH A LEMON, YOU COULD
TRY SUING.
BUT THAT COSTS MONEY.
CAR MAKERS TELL YOU TO TURN
TO SOMETHING THEY RUN OUT OF
THIS TORONTO BUILDING,
CAMVAP, SHORT FOR THE
CANADIAN MOTOR VEHICLE
ARBITRATION PLAN.
YOU MAKE YOUR CASE, COULD
GET A REFUND.
BUT ODDS ARE YOU'LL GET
REPAIRS TO YOUR CAR, OR
MAYBE NOTHING.
>> I DON'T LIKE CAMVAP BECAUSE
IT DOESN'T HAVE A PREVENTION
ASPECT LIKE YOU WOULD HAVE
WITH A LEMON LAW.
>> Erica: CLEARLY CANADA
NEEDS LEMON LAWS.
SO WE HEAD TO THE CAPITAL OF
CRYSTAL'S PROVINCE,
VICTORIA, BC.
THE MINISTER RESPONSIBLE FOR
CONSUMER AFFAIRS, SHIRLEY
BOND, DECLINES OUR REQUEST
FOR AN INTERVIEW.
SO WE TRACK HER DOWN.
HI, MINISTER BOND, I'M ERICA
JOHNSON FROM CBC MARKETPLACE.
>> Shirley Bond: YES.
>> Erica: WONDERING WHY BC
DOESN'T HAVE A LEMON LAW
TO PROTECT PEOPLE WHO BUY
LEMON CARS.
>> Shirley Bond: WELL, YOU
KNOW, CERTAINLY WE HAVE A
CONSUMER PROTECTION MANDATE
IN BRITISH COLUMBIA, AND YOU
KNOW, WE ARE LOOKING AT WHAT
LAWS ARE IN PLACE IN OTHER
PROVINCES.
BUT CERTAINLY WE DON'T HAVE
ONE CURRENTLY.
>> Erica: AND THAT'S THE POINT.
NO LAW.
A LEMON LAW WOULD CLEARLY
DEFINE THE RIGHTS OF A CAR
OWNER AND THE OBLIGATIONS OF
A CAR MAKER.
ISN'T IT TIME FOR THAT?
>> Shirley Bond: WELL, IN FACT,
WE ARE LOOKING AT WHATEVER
OPTIONS ARE APPROPRIATE
FOR BRITISH COLUMBIA.
WE'LL CONTINUE TO DO THAT.
>> Erica: BUT WHY LOOK?
THOSE LEMON LAWS HAVE BEEN
IN PLACE IN THE STATES FOR
DECADES NOW.
WHY ARE YOU STILL LOOKING?
>> Erica: SOUNDS LIKE WE'RE
GETTING THE RUN AROUND TOO.
>> Erica: IN CANADA --
>> Shirley Bond: - AND WE WILL
CONTINUE TO DO THAT.
>> ALL RIGHT, GUYS, THANK YOU
VERY MUCH.
>> Shirley Bond: THANK YOU VERY
MUCH FOR YOUR TIME.
>> Erica: THERE'S CALLS FROM
CONSUMER ACTIVISTS TO BRING
IN A LEMON LAW.
YOU COULD BE A LEADER IN
BRITISH COLUMBIA AND BRING IN
A LEMON LAW.
>> Erica: DOESN'T LOOK LIKE
LEMONADE IS COMING SOON FOR
PEOPLE LIKE CRYSTAL WALLS, OR
ANYONE.
>> I WISH THAT CHRYSLER
CANADA MANAGEMENT TEAM WAS IN
THE VEHICLE THE DAY IT STALLED
OUT ON ME AND MY SON.
THAT WAS MOST DEFINITELY THE
SCARIEST DAY OF MY LIFE.
>> Erica: DO YOU THINK THEY
WOULD HAVE GIVEN YOU A NEW
CAR IF THEY HAD BEEN IN YOUR
CAR?
>> I THINK SO.
I THINK IT WOULD HAVE BEEN
ALL THE PROOF THEY NEEDED.
>> Erica: BUT JUST AS CRYSTAL
FIGURES SHE'S OUT OF LUCK,
THINGS CHANGE AFTER WE GET
INVOLVED.
HER LOCAL DEALERSHIP STEPS
UP WITH AN OFFER TO BUY BACK
HER DODGE JOURNEY AND SELL
CRYSTAL A NEW DODGE CARAVAN
AT THE SAME PRICE.
SO CRYSTAL LUCKS OUT.
BUT THE BIG PICTURE PAYOFF:
LEMON LAWS IN CANADA.
SO CAR OWNERS DON'T GET
SQUEEZED.